BUILD STEPS AND STATUS

make xml pages for fragments--- Complete
set up navigation graph-complete
set up navigation in activity main xml-complete
add glide and setup picture of the day-COMPLEte
media_type for picture of the day needs to be checked- COMPLETE
set content description for picture of the day- COMPLETE
setup databinding-complete
setup viewmodelsMain-Complete
setup livedatas
build database-complete
   build dao- COMPLETE
Repository-Complete
set up system to capture dates and update the date variable...
permissions- COMPLETE
XML for layout that needs to be inflated-COMPLETE
recyclerview holder ,inflate etc-COMPLETE
add binding adaptor to xml imageviews- COMPLETE for first fragment
add binding adaptor to second fragment-complete
complete second fragment-done
need to vreate new viewmodel for next item-complete

add clicking system to recycker view...
need to figure out parsing without moshi for the network lib


app to get data from internet and cache to database-DONE
SETUP DATABINDING-DONE


Download and parse the data from NASA NeoWS (Near Earth Object Web Service) API. As this response cannot be parsed directly with Moshi, we are providing a method to parse the data “manually” for you, it’s called parseAsteroidsJsonResult inside NetworkUtils class, we recommend trying for yourself before using this method or at least take a close look at it as it is an extremely common problem in real-world apps. For this response we need retrofit-converter-scalars instead of Moshi, you can check this dependency in build.gradle (app) file.

not sure how to do this...Fetch and display the asteroids from the database and only fetch the asteroids from today onwards, ignoring asteroids before today. Also, display the asteroids sorted by date (Check SQLite documentation to get sorted data using a query).














Retrofit to download the data from the Internet.
Moshi to convert the JSON data we are downloading to usable data in form of custom classes.
RecyclerView to display the asteroids in a list.

ViewModel
Room
LiveData
Data Binding
Navigation- DONE
